Defining the software phase:

Measurements from the compatibility matrix:

Software: cfp assistant - daniel biton. Software is in Adi’s computer.

We take the configuration of the machine / tool from cpoint.
The items in cpoint are the tools -> we need to verify the data on cpoint.

CFS - common film shape software
RDM - indicator - if exists in cpoint then check if it is on the machine through rdm_ver.txt in the cmd. If there is rdm in cpoint and no rdm in the tool, then rise a ticket for issue.
Customer - not interesting
Tool_type - take from cpoint, the accurate measure
Tool_name
Op. system - either windows 7 or windows 10
Pc - has to be identical to the tool itself
Cfs - has to be identical
Acushape - has to be 1:1 identical (its from the tool, we compare to compatibility matrix)

Who built cpoint: hen shimoni חן שמעוני

FTML - compare from tool by the Atlas software

In the machine there is a ver.txt file

The ver.txt file in the machine - all the versions are in there, we can extract from this .txt file the cfs, or from Atlas (under the version field).

Next: additional software,if it is in cpoint in the notes A/notes B,
	Written the name + version, then find on the machine and verify on it (that it isn’t N/A)
All the versions in KTPatchViewer - all the versions of nexus in the tool, under 2 or 3 items, nexus client1 / nexus client 2 / nexus server
—-------> we can extract from program files somehow this relevant information.

Nexus- Shechter David שכטר דוד.

FleetHub - verify: 1. Exists, 2. Running (not disabled, failed or not enrolled)
—---> Daniel Biton

MEC - FW RzMP - compare with eXMP, extract from the format of the KLA software - after the string MEC FW the version in the About and compare with the matrix.


SMCB FW NIOS - in the matrix, also compare.

SQL Validation - only if there is Windows 10. Above version >= 14.0.3456.2 (check procedure in the folder, if we can automate this validation).

Acushape is installed only on the NLB (but documented on both the main computer on the ver.txt file) and in the NLR in the C/AcuShape/version_new.txt

Licenses - Under Mcdb

Go through and compare 1:1 in mcdb that licenses in cpoint are matching.
If there is overflow in mcdb - REMOVE what is not on CPOINT. (or advise needing to remove).
—>> either a license is missing (that is on cpoint)
—> either there is overflow of licenses (that are not on cpoint) that are on the tool.
—> maybe there is a demo license that shouldnt be there

The comparison is not done 1:1 in string level, for example FDC and something else way longer.
→ if it is a package - then it opens to a list of detailed licenses that has to be installed
→ you need all the packages - unpack them and use them for comparison

TALK WITH:
Ronen Golan
Alin Fimlnik
Raz Ben Nasan

License - you can extract under “Atlas_…” “Atlas_cd” and so forth.

All the licenses are in mcdb, but technically you can find them in search of .ktlic files in the C drive, and check if the tool number is there, if not, you usually REMOVE ON THE SPOT?
Those are files with format and structure that you can extract licenses by name and compare and check (and therefore comparison with cpoint with the help of those files)

Feature:
Given a problem (“missing license”) - > send an email to the relevant three people with the credentials of the tool (UTID, customer, tool type MAC address, SW version) + a request for the relevant licenses + the lmtool.txt or lmutil.txt file, they have to have it.

If there is a fix - you install manually - then run the validation again.
איגור מיליאבסקי Igor Miliavski -
Made a software to validate licenses and shit, check out with him a little

The order of checking the parameters is by the procedure and the
Auto Remote app - you can access the right folder on the tool (and they files) without fully logging in (necessairly) to the tool.

